hi guys so today I will be doing another
video with frozen and here there are two
little on and Elsa toddler dolls but the
cool thing about these is that they have
the royal reflection eyes and they are
so cool and I know there's one similar
to this but these ones have their really
cool eyes so I'm super excited to get
these open from showing you guys but
then black so here's what the toddler
Aden doll looks like and she is so
pretty so first off she comes with the
TR that she's wearing on her head the
doll this pink brush with the symbol
that's on a lot of her outfits and
accessories and everything and this
miniature Olaf which is so cute she
stands pretty well and what's pretty
cool is that she has the white streak on
the back of her hair like in the movies
her hair isn't too bright she you get
her in a set I think she's really really
cute I'll give you more of an in-depth
look of what she looks like so here's
what on his face looks like first off
she has these side bangs like in the
movie and then her eyes what I think are
so cool they're the Royal or reflection
eyes and they're a new feature to these
dolls because they have Sophie's on and
toddler dolls before but they haven't
sold them with these reflection eyes and
with this reflection eyes they look
really really pretty and it gives more
of an emphasis to the doll and there are
a few freckles here because she has
freckles in the movie and she has a
really small nose compared to her face
and her lips are a pale pink color as
for her outfit she's wearing a really
adorable dress and the colorings on the
dress really show what the same coloring
that she wears in the movies like the
apples that she wear whereas these
flowers are seen a lot on honest dresses
this is a navy blue color and it has
later on it which i think is really cool
because every kid loves glitter and then
up here it's a felt material and it's a
black color here it's glitter where the
flower pattern is and it's a glittery
pink color and then up here is this pale
turquoise color which is very silky that
kind of material so they use different
materials throughout the dress which i
think it's pretty cool and as you can
see it fits it really well and I think
it looks really cute for a toddler to
where it's actually told her art and as
far as shoes she has the traditional
symbol on the top of her shoes and she's
wearing these adorable pink flats with a
slight heel and I love how we need Olaf
comes in this set so told her I'm not
complaining with mini Olaf and mini Olaf
it's very lightweight and really easy
and accessible to travel around with and
he has some really cute details his
hands aren't there and then he is cute
little feet
more like stumps and then yes it's
carrot nose his buck teeth and
everything like that and this is the
back of him so on the back of the dress
this is what it looks like and there
it's just velcro so you can easily slide
the dress on off the toddler on a doll
but there's no designs or anything so
it's nice and simple in the back so I
have got on the animator collective doll
from Disney to compare against this
taller doll one stands a lot taller than
the other one this one has more of an
orange hair but what's really cool is
their eye color is quite similar they
have really similar eye color except the
toddler doll has much more of an orange
skin and this animator doll has a very
very pale colored skin and they're
obviously wearing different dresses
overall they're both really really cute
and you can clearly see the difference
between the two dolls so if you're
thinking
want to get you can take look to see the
difference between the two so here is
the toddler Elsa doll with the world
what should I see and as you can see her
eyebrows are dark brown color a brown
color on it and a blond color her eyes
are so pretty with the royal reflection
effect and her eye color is a great blue
color really showing what she looks like
in the movie her nose is really small
and her lips are the pale pink color as
well
Thanks so here's what Elsa's hair looks
like and I think it is so cool because
they used the wispy parts like she has
in the movie and she has a side braid
coming along here the same hairstyle as
not exactly the same because her hair
okay I'm or head down but giving still
anything similar effect as I can see
here it's a purple color with the silky
material on the sides here there's
purple snowflakes and it's just glitter
and it's just kind of more like it
turquoise blue base throughout the
flower and then here it's like a little
belt and it's bitter and the sleeves are
really cool because it's a clear method
material and it has glitter on it and
there's just glitter everywhere on this
dress as for else's shoes she has a
snowflake pattern on it with light blue
color and it's a flat with a slight heel
and I think it's really really cute and
it gives it a childish look but as for
what the toddler Elsa comes with she
also comes to the cute little brush that
has a snowflake pattern theme throughout
it and it's light blue as well and it
also comes with a miniature Olaf like
Anna
okay so here's compassing between the
animator doll and the toddler doll over
here and they are both so cute as you
can see the animator doll stands taller
than the 12 there doll and the animator
doll has really really pale blonde hair
but the totally doll has a honey
colored hair the animator dolls eye
color is more of a bright blue color
while the toddler doll is more of a
grayish blue color the skin colors are
totally different and the outfits that
they're wearing are similar yet not
similar this one is short sleeved well
this one is long and this one doesn't
have any purple on it and no glitter and
more mature and this one's more young
and kid-friendly with snowflakes
everywhere and it's purple in winter so
while I'm talking about frozen dolls I
was able to get this Elsa doll from
Disneyland Paris and I think she is so
cute she's a cloth doll her dress is so
pretty and they are the Disney frozen
Elsa and it just says Disneyland Paris
and yeah but it's so cute I just love
her outfit and her train this is what
the back of her dress looks like and as
you can see she is so so pretty I love
her so much and she's definitely one of
my favorite frozen dolls I also had the
on adult to show you as well so here is
the Anna doll and as you can see her
hair is in two braids and she is wearing
her coat with this cute little accessory
and she has her dress on and your cute
little boots these dolls and animated
also both from Disney direct the and the
doll I get the review on you can
probably find it at your local store
thank you so much for watching I really
hope you enjoyed this video and let me
know if you're planning on getting the
12 hour doll because they are so cute